Add author and contribution (#79)
osscameroon/osscameroon-blog: content/post/contributors/andrew21-mch.md

---
title: "Andrew21-Mch"
date: 2022-03-03T12:40:27+01:00
authors: ["andrew21-mch"]
---

> Hi! I'm Andrew Tatah(Andy in short😉!). I'm a computer engineering student. I am so passionate about Software developement, Data Sciece, System Engineering, Digital Electronics and Networking, guess i'm a jack!. I code in 'old php' as people say and also another jack when it comes to programming languages(which doesnt matter tho). fun fact?: i crashed my linux system over 6 times in 6 weeks while trying to grasp the concepts of shell scripting😅.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hi! I'm Andrew Tatah (Andy in short😉!). I'm a computer engineering student. I am so passionate about Software development, Data Science, System Engineering, Digital Electronics and Networking, guess I'm a jack!. I code in 'old php' as people say and also another jack when it comes to programming languages (which doesn't matter tho). Fun fact?: I crashed my linux system over 6 times in 6 weeks while trying to grasp the concepts of shell scripting😅.
```
